Remove CSS vendor prefixes (#19715)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/user-select/index.md

user-select: revert;
user-select: revert-layer;
user-select: unset;
```

> > **Note:** `user-select` is not an inherited property, though the initial `auto` value makes it behave like it is inherited most of the time. WebKit/Chromium-based browsers _do_ implement the property as inherited, which violates the behavior described in the spec, and this will bring some issues. Until now, Chromium chooses to [fix the issues](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/b01af0b296ecb855aac95c4ed335d188e6eac2de), make the final behavior meets the specifications.

Reviewer: Please check if the suggested change reflects what was originally intended

```suggestion
> **Note:** `user-select` is not an inherited property, though the initial `auto` value makes it behave like it is inherited most of the time. WebKit/Chromium-based browsers _do_ implement the property as inherited, which violates the behavior described in the spec, and this will bring some issues. Until now, Chromium has chosen to [fix the issues](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/b01af0b296ecb855aac95c4ed335d188e6eac2de) to make the final behavior meet the specifications.
```

```css
.unselectable {
  -webkit-user-select: none; /* Safari */
  -ms-user-select: none; /* IE 10+ */
  user-select: none;
}

.all {
  -webkit-user-select: all;
  -ms-user-select: all;
  user-select: all;
}
```

> > **Note:** `-webkit-user-select: all;` doesn't work in Safari; use only "none" or "text", or else it will allow typing in the `<html>` container. See the [browser compatability table](#browser-compatibility) for up to date information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** `-webkit-user-select: all;` doesn't work in Safari; use only "none" or "text", or else it will allow typing in the `<html>` container. See the [browser compatability table](#browser-compatibility) for up-to-date information.
```
